[Music]
here's something scaling the heaviest
person in the world weighs 282 times
more than the lightest one oops yeah I
was referring to the other kind of scale
you know to measure weight a person's
weight changes during the globe on Mars
people will weight less than on earth
and how would our lives change if we
weighed one pound or one ounce listen
here
lightlife imagine that you weigh just
one pound you'd feel very light but life
would become much harder
tapping likes on photos would take much
more than just tapping you've been
scrolling Instagram feed but it feels
like you've run six miles on the
treadmill you're tired and want to eat
on average a person eats three point
three pounds of food per day and about
sixty tons of food in a lifetime with
your wee little weight don't rush to
fill the fridge because all you need to
stay full all day is a glass of milk and
a couple of corn flakes a thousand
pounds in turn will fill you for life
you leave the apartment and take the
stairs because the elevator simply won't
work if you weigh less than thirty
pounds the weather outside better be
warm and without strong wind otherwise
it may blow you away and if you go with
an umbrella
you'll fly like Mary Poppins also you
can be knocked over by a cat or dog or
even a pigeon and you better turn off
vibration on your phone with your mass
it'll be tantamount to a minor
earthquake however if you do fall you
won't be hurt because due to the small
weight the pulling force will act
differently on you yes you can run
faster and jump higher than the Olympic
champions I would advise you to move
around the city on wheels if only
because with such a lightweight your car
will consume much less fuel the pros
don't end there weighing one pound you
can easily climb rocks and brick walls
stroke a butterfly without fearing of
arming
ride your pet fly around the city on a
drone or using a hundred balloons and
music concerts you can easily reach the
stage running over the heads of other
spectators a lot of things will become
difficult for you though and some will
be completely impossible it will take a
lot of effort to open any door to type
something on a computer keyboard you'll
have to slam it with your fists and to
play the piano you'll have to walk on
the keys without help it will be
difficult for you to get out from under
the bedsheets even a slight pressure of
water from the shower will stamp you to
the bottom of the tub very light life
well what if we became even lighter say
one ounce in that case to give a like
you'll have to jump on the phone and you
can't type on the keyboard no matter how
hard you try a couple of corn grains
will last you a couple of weeks and a
slice of bread will be enough to be full
for life the mass of a match seems to
you the mass of a Knightly sword you can
forget about the stairs in the elevator
go out the window because if you fall
from a height of even 10,000 feet you
will land unharmed in cloudy weather you
can fly all over the world using only
the wind
you'll be so light that people can't
feel you even if you sit on their neck
with such talent you will become just
the perfect super spy moreover your
weight is just a little bit more than
that of the soul according to research
by dr. McDougall the weight of the human
soul is 0.7 ounces any insect is
dangerous for you and the flap of a
butterfly wing will be equivalent to the
wind from a powerful fan if you want to
go to the gym then instead of dumbbells
a couple of dimes are perfect for you
you would have achieved considerable
success in sports take swimming for
example
with such a weight you wouldn't just
swim you could walk on water also you
can feel like a real superhero
just find a spider's web and swing on it
without a problem but don't lose caution
the spider can easily lift you and drag
you a lap still it's best to sit at home
with such weight stocking up breadcrumbs
and a few drops of water now imagine
that if every person on earth weighed
one ounce then the weight of all of the
people would be 198 thousand tons it's
like for Titanic's or 100 statues of
Liberty and just so you know the real
mass of all humankind
is about three hundred and five million
tonnes such a change in weight can occur
only in fairytales
so what about real life the weight of
the lightest person on earth was
recorded in the 19th century in Mexico
lucha Seurat days weight was only four
point six pounds for this she got into
the Guinness World Records and the
heaviest person also happened to be a
resident of Mexico Juan Pedro Franco
with a weight of 1,300 pounds
what if situations and Guinness record
holders are certainly fascinating but a
lot of interesting things happen to the
weight of an ordinary person as well
for example our body weight varies
throughout the year depending on the
season did you notice that it is much
easier to slim down in summer than in
winter this happens because the human
body specifically stores as much fat as
possible in order to survive the cold
also our weight changes by two to six
pounds during the day this is due to
meals as well as to the loss of fluid
during breathing perspiration and
answering the calls of nature not only
the level of physical activity and the
numbers of calories consumed can change
the mass of our body
stress does a great job too the fact is
that when we are nervous or excited our
nerve cells are damaged and in order to
restore them we need as many
carbohydrates as possible how can we get
them Oh
glad you asked candy fast food ice cream
and other delicious stuff
in addition excess pounds may appear
because of a lack of sleep if you don't
get enough shut-eye the body doesn't
generate energy and stresses out so it
begins to replenish energy with the help
of food a lot of food in general gaining
or losing weight is quite a difficult
and lengthy task is there really no way
to do this quickly there is but not on
our planet the mass of our body in fact
determines the force with which we are
attracted to the earth the larger the
mass the stronger the attraction this is
called gravy eat too much gravy with
your mashed potatoes and you'll increase
your mass no wait actually it's gravity
and it greatly depends on the weight and
radius of the planet so if you know the
radiuses and masses of other planets and
scientists have found them out a long
time ago then you can calculate the
weight you will have on them let's say
you weigh 132 pounds you'll be 22 pounds
on the moon and 48 pounds on Mars but on
the Sun where the gravity is insanely
high you would break any scales if you
stand on them because you'll weigh 3580
pounds you'll be the lightest on Pluto
there your weight will only be 9 pounds
but there are places in our galaxy where
gravity is millions of times greater
than on our planet these places are
called neutron stars they are so dense
and heavy that one teaspoon of the
substance that makes up such a star
would weigh 100
ten million tonnes I'd stay away from
that now you can easily calculate your
weight on any planet in the solar system
using simple mathematical equations but
it's easier to use an online calculator
hey if you learn something new today
then give the video a like and share
with a friend and here are some other
cool videos I think you'll enjoy just
click to the left or right and remember
stay on the bright side of life